Ethernet fixed mac (#5398)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: content/components/ethernet.md

  For example, if it's set to `.local`, all uploads will be sent to `<HOSTNAME>.local`.
  Defaults to `.local`.

- **mac_address** (*Optional*, MAC Address): Set the MAC address of the ethernet interface.

>   This prevents possible variation of the MAC between flash/reboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **mac_address** (*Optional*, MAC Address): Set the MAC address of the ethernet interface.
```
